*Running Speech Server  remotely

** Using SSH 

0) Make sure you can ssh from the remote machine to the local
machine without providing a password.

1)  Test the ssh speech server by starting 
it from a shell buffer:
tcl <emacspeak-location>/servers/ssh-<synth>
--where <synth> is either dtk-exp or outloud 

2) If you hear the speech server start up cleanly on the
   local machine --all is well, type exit to quit that
   running server.

3) Now use command dtk-select-server to select either
   ssh-outloud or ssh-dtk-exp as your speech server.


** Using RSH 

  Appended below is a simple shell script that is available
as file remote-tcl in the emacspeak directory.

 When you launch a terminal and log in to another machine,

a) Make sure the other machine can rsh to your desktop machine.
(you may have to create a .rhosts appropriately depending on your network
configuration)

b) For now edit script remote-tcl and replace labrador by the name of your
desktop machine. (eventually we'll get this from the environment)
Also, make sure the pathname to tcl is correct for your environment.


c) set the environment variable DTK_TCL to the complete pathname of the script
remote-tcl.

d) Make sure remote-tcl is executable --for safety just run it by hand first.

e) If all goes well, launch emacs with emacspeak loaded on the remote machine,
and turn off speech locally on the local emacspeak sesion in the terminal
buffer by pressing C-e d q.

Now, the remote emacspeak session will talk as if it were running locally.
Note: when you switch buffers in the local emacspeak you'll get speech back
since we only turned it off in the local eterm buffer.

All of this works, but you'll have to think "local" and "remote" carefully.

Also, remember that you will have to send C-e C-e twice for the remote
emacspeak to see it once.
For convenience, use command
emacspeak-keymap-choose-new-emacspeak-prefix
in the remote session and pick an alternative prefix --I
typically use C-r


Now for the script--

#!/bin/sh
#$Id$
#Description: Launch a speech server on  a remote host.
remote=labrador
tcl=/usr/local/bin/tcl

rsh $remote $tcl $1

** Using TCP/IP Sockets 

Many network setups will not allow you to RSH from one host
to another  --this is especially true when using DHCP.
If you are in a situation where you cannot have the remote
machine fork an RSH to your local desktop,
but are able to telnet from the remote host to your local host
here is how you can still run remote Emacspeak sessions to
get local speech feedback.

A second advantage with this approach is that you also get auditory
 icons on the local auditory display.

*** What To Do --Quick Instructions:


  1) First launch the speech server for the
remote side to connect to.

On the local machine:
From the UNIX shell, change to the Emacspeak installation
directory and execute 

tcl speech-server  2222 dtk-exp

The above starts the speech server for the Dectalk Express
listening on port 2222.



2) Login to the remote machine.

2A If you have remote logged-in 
 from inside an eterm in your local Emacspeak,
you will be getting spoken feedback from this eterm.
In the remote Emacspeak, execute command
emacspeak-remote-connect-to-server
and supply the name of your local host  and port (port is
 2222 in this example).
This will result in the remote Emacspeak connecting to your
 local speech server.

3) Now you can turn off the speech in the eterm buffer from
your local Emacspeak by pressing C-e d q --
and you should be setfor using your remote emacspeak with
local speech output.

4) Closing down

When you are done using the remote emacspeak session
e.g. you are about to hang up the phone line,
you should first shut down the speech server. Note: you do
not need to exit the remote emacspeak--
I run Emacspeak inside screen and leave it running all the
time--

To close down the remote speech server cleanly:

A) Restart the speech server on the remote end by pressing
C-e C-s --this will close down the connection
to the speech server --and the remote emacspeak will stop talking on
your local machine.

b) If you did all of the above from within a local emacspeak
session,
Turn on speech in the eterm with C-e dq --now you hear
your eterm talking again.
c) Do whatever you do to detach your screen, logout etc.

** Caveats:

Note that there are some problems you may encounter  when running
simultaneous local and remote sessions of Emacspeak.

Here is a summary:

*** Dropped acknowledgements:

The most common problem is that sometimes the remote end will fail to
get an acknowledgement it is waiting for --this typically happens when
the remote end first opens the connection to the speech server.
If this happens, you will find that the remote emacspeak does not
speak. The solution is to:

a) Power cycle the Dectalk --this results in the Dectalk sending out
some initial power-up codes that gets the remote speech-server
unwedged.

b) An alternative solution is to switch to another buffer in the local
Emacspeak and restart its speech server --you do this as usual
i.e. C-e C-s

Note that the above problems typically result when both local and
remote sessions have sent requests to their respective speech servers,
and one speech server ends up swallowing an acknowledgement that the
other server is waiting for.

2) Speech from Emacspeak session gets interrupted by speech
   from another session:

In this case, switch between the two emacspeak sessions and
hit C-g in each till things get resynced.
