               Emacspeak-23.0 (Retriever) Unleashed!
               ----------------------------------

For Immediate Release:

San Jose, Calif., (Nov 26, 2005)
    Emacspeak-2005: Retrieving Complete Access For   Enlightened  Users
    --Zero cost of ownership makes priceless software affordable!

Emacspeak Inc (NASDOG: ESPK) --http://emacspeak.sf.net--
announces the immediate world-wide availability of Emacspeak 23.0
--a powerful audio desktop for leveraging today's evolving data
and service-oriented semantic Web.

Investors Note:
---------------

With several prominent analysts expanding coverage, NASDOG: ESPK
 has now been consistently trading over the net at levels close
 to that once attained by DogCom high-fliers.

What Is It?
-----------

Emacspeak is a fully functional audio desktop that provides complete
eyes-free access to all major 32 and 64 bit operating
environments. By seamlessly blending all aspects of the Internet
such as Web Services, Web-surfing and electronic messaging into the
audio desktop, Emacspeak enables speech access to local and remote
information with a consistent and well-integrated user interface.  A
rich suite of task-oriented tools provides efficient speech-enabled
access to the evolving service-oriented semantic Web.

Major Enhancements:
-------------------

0)      Alsa-powered speech server for software synthesis.
1)      Speech-enables emacs-jabber.
2)      New ssh-powered remote TTS servers.
3)      Atom support.
4)      Updated smart URLs including Blog Search
5)      Updated search wizards including PodCast search.

See the NEWS file for additional details. 

Establishing Liberty, Equality And Freedom:
---------------------

  Never a toy system, Emacspeak is now voluntarily bundled with
all major Linux distributions. Though designed to be modular,
distributors have freely chosen to bundle the fully integrated
system without any undue pressure --- a documented success for
the integrated innovation embodied by the system. The integrity
of the Emacspeak codebase is ensured by the reliable and secure
Linux platform used to develop and distribute the software.

Extensive studies have shown that thanks to these features, users
consider Emacspeak to be absolutely priceless. Thanks to this
wide-spread user demand, the present version is being made available
at the same zero-cost as earlier releases.

At the same time, Emacspeak-2005 continues to innovate in the
area of speech and multimodal interaction and carries forward the
well-established Open Source tradition of introducing user
interface features that eventually show up in luser environments.

On this theme, when once challenged by a proponent of a
crash-prone but well-marketed windowing system with the assertion
"Emacs is a system from the 70's", the creator of Emacspeak
evinced surprise at the unusual candor manifest in the assertion
that it would take popular idiot-proven interfaces until the year
2070 to catch up to where the Emacspeak audio desktop is
today. Industry experts welcomed this refreshing breath of
Courage Certainty and Clarity (CCC) at a time when users are
reeling from the Fear Uncertainty and Doubt (FUD) unleashed by
complex software systems backed by even more convoluted press
releases.

Independent Test Results:
-------------------------

Independent test results have proven that unlike some modern (and
not so modern) software, Emacspeak can be safely uninstalled without
adversely affecting the continued performance of the computer. These
same tests also revealed that once uninstalled, the user stopped
functioning altogether. Speaking with Aster Labrador, the creator of
Emacspeak once pointed out that these results re-emphasize the
user-centric design of Emacspeak; "It is the user --and not the
computer-- that stops functioning when Emacspeak is uninstalled!".

Note from Aster and Bubbles:
----------------------------

UnDoctored Videos Inc. is currently looking for volunteers to
star in a video demonstrating such complete user failure.

Obtaining Emacspeak:
--------------------

Emacspeak can be downloaded from sourceforge --see
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/emacspeak/ You can visit
Emacspeak on the WWW at http://emacspeak.sf.net.  You can subscribe
to the emacspeak mailing list emacspeak@cs.vassar.edu by sending
mail to the list request address emacspeak-request@cs.vassar.edu.
The latest development snapshot of Emacspeak is available via
anonymous CVS from sourceforge.

History:
--------

 Emacspeak 23.0 -- AKA Retriever --- goes the extra mile in
fetching full access.  Emacspeak 22.0 -- AKA GuideDog -- helps
users navigate the Web more effectively than ever before.
Emacspeak 21.0 -- AKA PlayDog -- continued the Emacspeak
tradition of relying on enhanced productivity to liberate users.
Emacspeak-20.0 -- AKA LeapDog -- continues the long established
GNU/Emacs tradition of integrated innovation to create a
pleasurable computing environment for eyes-free interaction.
emacspeak-19.0 --AKA WorkDog-- is designed to enhance user
productivity at work and leisure.  Emacspeak-18.0 --code named
GoodDog-- continued the Emacspeak tradition of enhancing user
productivity and thereby reducing total cost of ownership.
Emacspeak-17.0 --code named HappyDog-- enhances user productivity
by exploiting today's evolving WWW standards. Emacspeak-16.0
--code named CleverDog-- the follow-up to SmartDog-- continued
the tradition of working better, faster, smarter. Emacspeak-15.0
--code named SmartDog--followed up on TopDog as the next in a
continuing a series of award-winning audio desktop releases from
Emacspeak Inc.  Emacspeak-14.0 --code named TopDog--was the first
release of this millennium. Emacspeak-13.0 --codenamed
YellowLab-- was the closing release of the
20th. century. Emacspeak-12.0 --code named GoldenDog-- began
leveraging the evolving semantic WWW to provide task-oriented
speech access to Webformation. Emacspeak-11.0 --code named
Aster-- went the final step in making Linux a zero-cost Internet
access solution for blind and visually impaired
users. Emacspeak-10.0 --(AKA Emacspeak-2000) code named
WonderDog-- continued the tradition of award-winning software
releases designed to make eyes-free computing a productive and
pleasurable experience. Emacspeak-9.0 --(AKA Emacspeak 99) code
named BlackLab-- continued to innovate in the areas of speech
interaction and interactive accessibility. Emacspeak-8.0 --(AKA
Emacspeak-98++) code named BlackDog-- was a major upgrade to the
speech output extension to Emacs.

Emacspeak-95 (code named Illinois) was released as OpenSource on
the Internet in May 1995 as the first complete speech interface
to UNIX workstations. The subsequent release, Emacspeak-96 (code
named Egypt) made available in May 1996 provided significant
enhancements to the interface. Emacspeak-97 (Tennessee) went
further in providing a true audio desktop. Emacspeak-98
integrated Internetworking into all aspects of the audio desktop
to provide the first fully interactive speech-enabled WebTop.

About Emacspeak:
----------------

Originally based at Cornell (NY)
http://www.cs.cornell.edu/home/raman --home to Auditory User
Interfaces (AUI) on the WWW-- Emacspeak is now maintained on
SourceForge --http://emacspeak.sf.net-- and  is mirrored
world-wide by an international network of software archives and
bundled voluntarily with all major Linux distributions. On
Monday, April 12, 1999, Emacspeak became part of the
Smithsonian's Permanent Research Collection on Information
Technology at the Smithsonian's National Museum of American
History.

The Emacspeak mailing list is archived at Vassar --the home of the
Emacspeak mailing list-- thanks to Greg Priest-Dorman, and provides a
valuable knowledge base for new users.

Press/Analyst Contact: Hubbell Labrador

Going forward, BubbleDog acknowledges her exclusive monopoly on
setting the direction of the Emacspeak Audio Desktop, and
promises to exercise this freedom to innovate and her resulting
power responsibly (as before) in the interest of all dogs.

About This Release:
------------------

Windows-Free (WF) is a favorite battle-cry of The League Against
Forced Fenestration (LAFF).  --see
http://www.usdoj.gov/atr/cases/f3800/msjudgex.htm for details on
the ill-effects of Forced Fenestration.

CopyWrite )C( Aster and Hubbell Labrador. All Writes Reserved.
GoldenDog (DM),  BlackDog (DM) etc.,
are Registered Dogmarks of Aster and Hubbell Labrador.
All other dogs belong to their respective owners.
