           Announcing Emacspeak-10.0 (WonderDog).
           --------------------------------------

For Immediate Release:

San Jose, Calif.,  (May 1, 1999)
    Emacspeak-2000: Opening Doors To A Windows-Free 2000.
    --Zero cost of ownership makes priceless software affordable!

Emacspeak is a fully functional audio desktop that provides
complete eyes-free access to all major 32 and 64 bit
operating environments.  By seamlessly blending all aspects of
the Internet such as Web-surfing and electronic messaging
into the audio desktop, Emacspeak enables speech access to
local and remote information with a consistent and
well-integrated user interface.

Major Enhancements:
-------------------

0) Single click Web search from anywhere on the audio desktop.

1) Simple DOM-based navigation of WWW pages

2) Enhanced support for nested HTML tables to further enhance Emacspeak's
already efficient navigation and browsing of structured and
multicolumn WWW pages.

3) Emacspeak 10.0 speech-enables all  new features introduced in
   the upcoming Emacs 20.4.

4)  Includes   Edition 2     of the Emacspeak Manual 

See the NEWS file  for additional details.  The Emacspeak
source distribution now includes a structured FAQ list
designed to introduce new and old users to the Emacspeak
environment.

Opening Doors To A Windows-Free 2000:
-------------------------------------

Emacspeak is now bundled with all major Linux distributions.
Extensive studies have shown that users consider Emacspeak
to be absolutely priceless.  Thanks to this wide-spread user
demand, the present version is being made available at the
same zero cost as earlier releases.  At the same time,
Emacspeak-2000 continues to innovate in the area of speech
interaction and carries forward the well-established Open
Source tradition of introducing user interface features that
eventually show up in commercial user environments.  On this
theme, when recently challenged by a proponent of a
crash-prone but well-marketed windowing system with the
assertion "Emacs is a system from the 70's", the creator of
Emacspeak expressed surprize at the unusual candor manifest
in the assertion that it would take popular idiot-proof
interfaces until the year 2070 to catch up to where the
Emacspeak audio desktop is today. Upon hearing this, the
said proponent of the crash-prone system turned blue in the
face (screen), crashed to the floor and refused to get
booted (ever again).

Industry experts welcomed this refreshing breath of Courage
Certainty and Clarity (CCC) at a time when users are reeling
from the Fear Uncertainty and Doubt (FUD) unleashed by
complex software systems backed by even more convoluted
press releases.

History:
--------

Emacspeak-10.0 --(AKA Emacspeak-2000) code named WonderDog--
is the latest in a series of award-winning software releases
designed to make eyes-free computing a productive and
pleasurable experience.  Emacspeak-9.0 --(AKA Emacspeak 99)
code named BlackLab-- continued to innovate in the areas of
speech interaction and interactive accessibility.
Emacspeak-8.0 --(AKA Emacspeak-98++) code named BlackDog--
was a major upgrade to the speech output extension to Emacs.

Emacspeak-95 (code named Illinois) was released as
Open Source on the Internet in May 1995 as the first
complete speech interface to UNIX workstations.  The
subsequent release, Emacspeak-96 (code named Egypt) made
available in May 1996 provided significant enhancements to
the interface. Emacspeak-97 (Tennessee) went further in
providing a true audio desktop.  Emacspeak-98 integrated
Internetworking into all aspects of the audio desktop to
provide the first fully interactive speech-enabled WebTop.

Obtaining Emacspeak:
--------------------

Visit Emacspeak at http://cs.cornell.edu/home/raman --You
can also pick up emacspeak via anonymous ftp from
ftp://ftp.cs.cornell.edu/pub/raman/emacspeak/.  You can
subscribe to the emacspeak mailing list
<emacspeak@cs.vassar.edu> by sending mail to the request
address <emacspeak-request@cs.vassar.edu>.

About Emacspeak:
---------------
        
Based at Cornell (NY) <http://cs.cornell.edu/home/raman>
--home to Auditory User Interfaces (AUI) on the WWW--
Emacspeak is mirrored world-wide by an international netwrok
of software archives and bundled with all major Linux
distributions on CDROM.  On Monday, April 12, 1999,
Emacspeak became part of the Permanent Research Collection
on Information Technology at the Smithsonian's National
Museum of American History.

  The Emacspeak mailing list is archived at
<http://www.cs.vassar.edu/~priestdo/emacspeak/> --thanks to
Greg Priest-Dorman.

About This Release:
-------------------

This press release is certified to be Y2K compliant.
More importantly,  the software described is W2K free.

Press/Analyst Contact:  Aster Labrador
              http://cs.cornell.edu/home/raman/aster/aster.gif

Windows-Free (WF)  is a favorite  battle-cry of 
The League Against Forced Fenestration (LAFF).

CopyWrite  )C( Aster Labrador. All Writes Reserved.
WonderDog (DM),BlackDog (DM) and Labrador (DM) are Registered Dogmarks of Aster Labrador.
All other dogs belong to their respective owners.
